Title: Count the Maximum Repetitions

Description:

You are given two strings, `s1` and `s2`, along with two integers, `n1` and `n2`. 

The strings `s1` and `s2` represent sequences of lowercase English letters. 

You can concatenate `s1` `n1` times to form `str1` and concatenate `s2` `n2` times to form `str2`. 

Your task is to determine the maximum integer `m` such that `str2` can be obtained by repeating `str1` `m` times.

For example, if 

`s1 = "acb"`, 
`n1 = 4`, 

`s2 = "ab"`,
`n2 = 2`, 

you can form `str1 = "acbacbacbacb"` and `str2 = "abab"`. 

In this case, the maximum value of `m` is 2.

Write a function that takes the input strings and integers and returns the maximum value of `m`.

Example 1:
```
Input: s1 = "acb", n1 = 4, s2 = "ab", n2 = 2
Output: 2
Explanation: You can form str1 = "acbacbacbacb" and str2 = "abab". The maximum value of m is 2.
```

Example 2:
```
Input: s1 = "acb", n1 = 1, s2 = "acb", n2 = 1
Output: 1
Explanation: You can form str1 = "acb" and str2 = "acb". The maximum value of m is 1.
```

Constraints:
- The lengths of `s1` and `s2` are between 1 and 100 (inclusive).
- `s1` and `s2` consist of lowercase English letters.
- `n1` and `n2` are integers between 1 and 10^6 (inclusive).



___

Input: s1 = "acb", n1 = 4, s2 = "ab", n2 = 2
Output: 2

s1 = "acbacbacbacb"
s2 = "abab"

=> 

str1 = "acbacbacbacb"
str2 = "abab"
str = [str2, 2] = "abababab"
2 is the maximum integer such that str can be obtained from str1

___


Input: s1 = "acb", 
n1 = 4, 
s2 = "ab", 
n2 = 2
Output: 2

s1 = "acbacbacbacb"
s2 = "abab"



str == ["acb", 4] =="acbacbacbacb"

str == ["ab", 2]  =="abab"


Repeat this base on n1
MainCounter is the indicator of how many times s1 is repeated
AnswerCounter is our answer. MainCounter / n2


First compare 'a' in s1 with 'a' in s2
    If both are equal, 
        move s2 pointer to next char. In these case it is 'b'.
            Check if s1 pointer reaches end of string
            Not yet, so continue

        move s1 pointer to next char. In these case it is 'c'.
            Check if s1 pointer reaches end of string
            Not yet, so continue
        

Then compare 'c' in s1 with 'b' in s2
    If not equal, 
        move s1 pointer to next char. In these case it is 'b'.
            Check if s1 pointer reaches end of string
            Not yet, so continue


Then compare 'b' in s1 with 'b' in s2
    If both are equal, 
        move s2 pointer to next char which is out of bound for current string.
            Check if s2 pointer reaches end of string
                If yes,
                Reset pointer to 0 and update AnswerCounter by 1

        move s1 pointer to next char which is out of bound for current string.
            Check if s1 pointer reaches end of string
                If yes,
                Reset pointer to 0 and update MainCounter by 1
